1. Law

I am getting increasingly worried about compliance with UK law and EU
regulations.  Not that we don't comply with the law, but rather that I
have not put enough effort in to ensure that we do.  As the CA grows,
I need to do more to ensure that your personal information is treated
lawfully and prevent abuse.  For example, it has never been explicitly
described what an RA Operator can do with the copy of your passport.
Some of the legal stuff may be relegated to ancillary documents and
procedures, but the main ones ought to be addressed in the CP/CPS
itself because they affect the procedures.  Unfortunately that makes
the CP/CPS longer...

As another consequence of my legal crackdown, Encryption is now
explicitly forbidden.

The legal stuff may still be subject to change, because there are
still a few issues I need to understand better.

2. Describing current practice

Tightened a few rules, but almost entirely to document existing
practice.

CA must publish the services for which it will issue service
certificates (we used to have this list but it was overwritten by
accident!);

RPs must not use parts of the DN for authorisation purposes;

Only the responsible sysadmin may apply for host or service
certificates - this is already practice for the CA but has now been
made explicit in the CPS;

3. Miscellaneous

Described new practices associated with the CA upgrade:
	- All requests are now via HTTPS

Made explicit that DNs must be unique for a while, or "forever".
Which means that a Subscriber cannot get a DN that was previously used
in a personal certificate issued to *another* Subscriber *even if that
personal certificate has expired or been revoked*.  This should not be
hard to check for the RA because fortunately, in the UK each RA issues
in a distinct namespace and the CA will warn the RA if a DN is being
reused.

Took out the "External" RA - it was never used and now we have other
methods.  Either we verify the PIN through out-of-band means or the
requestor goes to a catch-all CA.

Clarified that the CA (the issuing authority) is also an RA.

I may still remove or alter some of the informational extensions.
Likely candidates are the Netscape-X-URL extensions.
